# Reflective-Serialization
 This program creates one or more arbitrary objects, serialize these objects into a JDOM document, and then send this document as a stream of bytes to the Receiver program (repo Reflective-Deserialization) using a socket connection.

This program allows the user to create one or more objects from a selection of objects using the command-line meun. It then serialize the complete state of these created objects, and produce an XML document that can be stored to file, printed out, or sent over a network connection. It uses the facilities provided by JDOM, in particular the Document and XMLOutputter classes.

The XML document created has one root element with the tag-name serialized. The objects to be serialized, will be nested within the root element, listed one after the other. The element object will have two attributes: class and id. The class’s value will be the name of the class of the object, and the id’s value will be object’s unique identifier number. Nested within each object element will be 0 or more field elements. Each field element will have two attributes: name and declaringclass. The name’s value will be the name of the field, and the
declaringclass’s value will be the name of the field’s declaring class. If the type of the field is a primitive, its content is stored in a value element. If the field is a reference to another object the id of that object is stored as content of a reference element. The object being referred is also serialized, and will be another object element nested inside the root element. Array objects will be similar to the object element described above, except that an additional length attribute is used, and each element of the array will be stored as content to a value or
reference element, depending on the component type. 